# Structures
 In this work you will have to implement the tail and stack structures in C ++. It is stressed that both structures should dynamically capture memory without having any limitation on the number of items they store. You will only support the management of positive integer numbers. For the continuation of the discussion, we assume that the queue class is called MyQueue and the MyStack stack.

In main.cpp, you should support reading from an INPUT.TXT file and writing to an OUTPUT.TXT file (both are text files). There is a possibility if you want to create a class for this purpose. When run, the program will read line INPUT.TXT and, depending on the command it reads, it will execute the corresponding function and update the OUTPUT.TXT file.

All these commands are OK in OUTPUT.TXT except QUEUE_READ, QUEUE_GETSIZE, STACK_POP, STACK_READ, STACK_GETSIZE that write the corresponding value. In case of an error (eg trying to pop from a empty stack) in the OUTPUT.TXT the ERROR string appears. If you want, you can fill in with the type of error (eg "ERROR: stack is empty" or something similar). Note that for each INPUT.TXT command a single line must be generated in OUTPUT.TXT. For the queue and stack codes (that is, the value of X in the above commands) these can be from 1 to 20. That is, you can make up to 20 MyQueue class objects and no more than 20 items in class MyStack. To manage these objects you can either create a separate class or manage within main (). The easiest way is to create an array of pointers for each class and inside the array to store the pointers on the created objects. To identify the INPUT.TXT commands, you need to have multiple if or switch to the code, or whatever else you think. It also emphasizes that your program should not read anything from the keyboard. When executed, it simply reads INPUT.TXT, executes commands, and updates OUTPUT.TXT.
